To be a self-made millionaire, here are five money lessons that you need to know if you want to be rich. Your home isn't an investment, it's your shelter. Most people's homes are their best investment simply because they have never made an actual investment. It doesn't matter if your home has gone up in value because so have all the other homes around you. Unless you significantly downsize or move somewhere much cheaper, you're just living in your money. An investment pays you, you work to pay for your house, even when the mortgage is gone. The caveat to this is if you bought your home with wealth building in mind, like you plan to flip it or you are house hacking, yes, then you can make money off your house. Expensive weddings are correlated with shorter marriages. Recent studies showed that couples who spend more than $20,000 on their big day were 1.6 times more likely to divorce than couples who spend between 5,000 and $10,000. Number three, you will never retire if you don't invest. Pensions are a thing of the past for most people and we have been sold the lie that retirement is an age. It's not, it's simply a number in the bank. It's when your assets like stocks and real estate provide you with enough cashflow that you no longer have to trade your time for money. If you never hit this number, you will work forever. Number four, investing is actually really simple. Instead of looking for a needle in the haystack and trying to figure out which stock or which company is gonna be best, just buy the whole haystack. You can get something like an asset allocation fund. It's one click to buy this and it has everything you need. It's the same thing a financial advisor would have done for you for a fraction of the cost. I have a free investing masterclass on my website if you wanna learn more. Number five, kids are expensive. Not just in daycare costs and food, but in the amount of time that you'll miss from work caring for them is the penalty that has on your lifetime earnings.