I can't bet the biggest financial regret that a lot of your parents have is not investing while they were young. And I get it, it is so easy to put something like this off for the future because you think, well this is a problem for the me of tomorrow, I'm not retiring for 20, 30, 40 years, why do I need to think about this right now? They figure, I don't have a lot of money now, maybe I'll have more money then. Without realizing that investing is quite literally how you turn small amounts of money into big amounts of money over time. When you're young you may not have a lot of money, but guess what you have a lot of? Time. And when you have a lot of time, that's when compound interest can come in and do its thing and make you rich while you sleep. And it hurts my heart because if we just educated people on how investing works, and the fact that it's not a nice to have, it's a must have, if you ever want to be able to stop working, that investing is not something the rich do, it's quite literally how you get rich. When I became a millionaire at 30 it wasn't because I saved a million dollars, it was because I grew a million dollars. And by not investing not only are you making your life hard, or you're gonna have to work longer, but there's a lot of children who are feeling this anxiety right here, where their parents don't have anything safe for retirement, and they know that that is going to fall onto them. Because even if people say, okay well my retirement plan is to die at my desk, maybe that's just not an option for you. Sometimes people get laid off after being loyal to a company for 30 years. Companies downsize, your skills become obsolete, or maybe heaven forbid something happens and you get sick and you are not actually able to work anymore. Investing is the only way that you will have financial safety, financial freedom, financial security in your life long term. So take this as your sign, even if it's $50 a month, start somewhere, start today. Maybe the best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago, but the second best time is right now.